VANILLA PASTEL CRAYON DIGITAL PRODUCT LICENSE
Version 1.0, Copyright (C) 2022 Eimi Rein
<eimireindayo@gmail.com>

This is a simplified license that can be provided to 
people of any age, as long as comprehended accurately. 
Anyone can copy and share this license, but changes to 
it, except for "SECTION 0" per product, are not allowed.

- - - - - -

QUICK EVALUATION:

PERMISSIONS (limited)
✅ Distribution
✅ Modification
✅ Private use
✅ Commercial use

CONDITIONS
⚠️ Disclose source
⚠️ License and copyright notice
⚠️ Network use is distribution
⚠️ Same license
⚠️ State changes
⚠️ Notify copyright owner
⚠️ Author mention

LIMITATIONS
🚫 Prohibited content included
🚫 No liability
🚫 No warranty
🚫 No patent use
🚫 No trademark use
🚫 No duplication of this product

- - - - - -

SECTION 0: COPYRIGHT NOTICE

Copyright owner: 
Product name: 
Date of creation: 0000/00/00, 00:00
Contact e-mail: 

- - - - - -

SECTION 1: DEFINITIONS

Copyright owner - a person or company that created this
licensed product and owns all the rights for it.

Product - any kind of original work created by a person
or company, be it free or paid.

New product - any product, whether new or already 
existing, that contains the licensed code.

This license - the "VANILLA PASTEL CRAYON DIGITAL 
PRODUCT LICENSE" (or VPCDP) created by Eimi Rein.

This product - the original work this license is 
attached to, copyrighted by the owner mentioned in 
"SECTION 0".

The user - a person or company that interacts with 
this product.

The licensed code - any files from this product with 
programming language extensions (ex: .html, .css, .js, 
.php, .py, .lua, .c, etc), as well as the output and 
computed/compiled version of.

Prohibited content - any kind of content that is 
completely prohibited of any use.

Conditions of use - a set of rules the user 
agrees to when using this product.

- - - - - -

SECTION 2: PROHIBITED CONTENT

INITIAL READ NOTICE: The content labeled or mentioned 
as "FREE" within this product (whether an interface, 
document or a README file) can include limitations and 
conditions of use, so, please, read and agree to them.

1. Graphics: any kind of visual content (designs, 
images, visual effects, videos and so on) that is not 
labeled or mentioned as "FREE" from within this product.

2. Assets: any files, archives and folders in this 
product that are not labeled or mentioned as "FREE" from 
within the corresponding file or a README file, 
except for the licensed code.

3. Branding: any original content that have been 
created specifically for this product (characters, 
designs, concepts, stories, universes, etc), along with 
profiles, logos, resumes and identities of the copyright 
owner, partners, collaborators and staff members.

- - - - - -

SECTION 3: CONDITIONS OF USE

By using this product you agree to the following 
conditions:

1. PROHIBITIONS
Do not use the prohibited content (mentioned in 
"SECTION 2") in any way. The only permitted to use 
content of this product is the licensed code and
anything labeled or mentioned as "FREE" from within
the product.

2. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
When copying, modifying, replicating or sharing the 
licensed code, the existing copyright notices inside 
of it must be left untouched (persist and be unchanged).

3. AUTHOR MENTION
When publishing a new product that includes the licensed 
code, the name of the copyright owner must be mentioned 
from within that new product (usually in Credits or 
Developers section).

4. DISCLOSE SOURCE
The new product that includes the licensed code must be 
unencrypted, free and available to everyone, without any 
built-in paid content and interactions 
(except for "Support Me").

5. SAME LICENSE
The new product that includes the licensed code must 
include this license.

6. STATE CHANGES
When modifying or replicating the licensed code, all the 
changes made to it must be stated in any form (from a  
tiny notice to detailed documentation).

7. NOTIFY THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
Before publishing a new product that includes the 
licensed code, notify the copyright owner via e-mail 
mentioned in "SECTION 0".

8. NO TRADEMARK AND PATENT USE
No patent and trademark use is granted.

9. NO DUPLICATION OF THIS PRODUCT
The new product that includes the licensed code must not
be identical to this product. The licensed code provided
to user is shared with purpose of either contributions  
to this product, improvement in existing products, or 
creation of new, non-identical products.

- - - - - -

SECTION 4: GENERATED CODE/ASSETS EULA

Any generated code and assets provided specifically to 
the user from within this product are considered as 
"FREE", but only under the following conditions the 
user agrees to:

1. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
If the generated code contains any copyright notices, 
they must be left untouched (persist and be unchanged).

2. NO DUPLICATION OF THIS PRODUCT
The new product that includes the generated code must not
be identical to this product.

- - - - - -

SECTION 5: NO WARRANTY AND LIABILITY

This product does not provide any warranty programs, and 
the copyright owner of this product, as well as any of 
its contributors, does not bear any legal liability.

- - - - - -

This license may undergo further changes, therefore the 
current version is not considered final.
If you wish to update your current license or contribute 
to further versions - visit the link below:

https://github.com/eimirein/VPCDP/
